Adding the legal notice page on the Project website (#124)
PrestaShop/open-source: content/legal/_index.md

---
title: Legal notice

> menu:
>   main:
>     parent: 'Resources'
>     name: 'Legal notice'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I think we can include this in the footer

As such, PrestaShop SA in no way guarantees the availability, access to or continuity of the Website.

Should it become unavailable for any reason, this will not give rise to any compensation for the User.

PrestaShop SA is only responsible for the content it has published itself.

PrestaShop SA shall not be held liable for any damage or loss suffered by the User in accessing and using the Website.

More generally, PrestaShop SA shall not be held liable for:

* The use made by the User of the Website,
* Any activity that constitutes a breach of these T&Cs by the User,
* Any damage caused to the User’s equipment by a virus contracted while browsing the Website or any other damage caused by the User’s browsing.

The User is solely liable for all property or consequential financial loss or damage resulting from the use of the Website.

**4. Hyperlinks.**

The Website may contain hyperlinks to redirect User to third-party websites.

PrestaShop SA accepts no liability for the websites to which these links lead as it has no control over the various third party websites.

**5.  Personal data.**

> **5.1. Personal data collected directly on the Website.** We do not collect personal data directly on the Website.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**5.1. Personal data collected directly on the Website.** 

We do not collect personal data directly on the Website.
```

> **5.2. Personal data collected indirectly on the Website.** We collect some of your personal information indirectly through cookies or other tracking devices. **

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**5.2. Personal data collected indirectly on the Website.** 

We collect some of your personal information indirectly through cookies or other tracking devices. 
```

---
title: Legal notice
menu:
  main:
    parent: 'Resources'
    name: 'Legal notice'
---

# Legal notice

The website [www.prestashop-project.org/](https://www.prestashop-project.org/) is owned by PrestaShop SA, corporation company with a capital of 380 645,55 euros.
The headquarters are located at 4, rue Jules Lefebvre 75009 Paris, France.

- CS registration number: B 497 916 635
- VAT number: FR66497916635
- Publication director: Paolo Fiorelli
- Phone number: +33 (0)1 76 23 25 25
- E-mail: contact@prestashop.com
- Hosting: Jaguar Network – 71 Avenue André Roussin BP 50067 – 13321 Marseille Cedex 16
- Number : +33 (0)1 83 65 99 00

&copy; 2007-2022 PrestaShop SA. PrestaShop is a registered trademark.

### Preamble

> These general terms and conditions of use (the "T&Cs") are intended to define the conditions of access and use of the website [https://www.prestashop-project.org/](https://www.prestashop-project.org/) (the "Website"), published by PrestaShop, a limited liability company with a share capital of €380,645.55, registered in the Paris Trade and Companies Register under number 497 916 635 and whose registered office is located at 4, rue Jules Lefebvre - 75009 Paris ("PrestaShop"), as well as the offer and acquisition of products and services of the latter, which are available on the Website.

Reviewer: Please change "PrestaShop" to "PrestaShop SA" wherever it refers to the company

> These general terms and conditions of use (the "T&Cs") are intended to define the conditions of access and use of the website [https://www.prestashop-project.org/](https://www.prestashop-project.org/) (the "Website"), published by PrestaShop, a limited liability company with a share capital of €380,645.55, registered in the Paris Trade and Companies Register under number 497 916 635 and whose registered office is located at 4, rue Jules Lefebvre - 75009 Paris ("PrestaShop"), as well as the offer and acquisition of products and services of the latter, which are available on the Website.

Author: They defined the word "Website" on line 26 - "(https://www.prestashop-project.org/) (the "Website")"

> These general terms and conditions of use (the "T&Cs") are intended to define the conditions of access and use of the website [https://www.prestashop-project.org/](https://www.prestashop-project.org/) (the "Website"), published by PrestaShop, a limited liability company with a share capital of €380,645.55, registered in the Paris Trade and Companies Register under number 497 916 635 and whose registered office is located at 4, rue Jules Lefebvre - 75009 Paris ("PrestaShop"), as well as the offer and acquisition of products and services of the latter, which are available on the Website.

Author: Hi eternoendless, I've made the changes everywhere in the document

> These general terms and conditions of use (the "T&Cs") are intended to define the conditions of access and use of the website [https://www.prestashop-project.org/](https://www.prestashop-project.org/) (the "Website"), published by PrestaShop, a limited liability company with a share capital of €380,645.55, registered in the Paris Trade and Companies Register under number 497 916 635 and whose registered office is located at 4, rue Jules Lefebvre - 75009 Paris ("PrestaShop"), as well as the offer and acquisition of products and services of the latter, which are available on the Website.

Author: I've made a change to delete this part.

> These general terms and conditions of use (the "T&Cs") are intended to define the conditions of access and use of the website [https://www.prestashop-project.org/](https://www.prestashop-project.org/) (the "Website"), published by PrestaShop, a limited liability company with a share capital of €380,645.55, registered in the Paris Trade and Companies Register under number 497 916 635 and whose registered office is located at 4, rue Jules Lefebvre - 75009 Paris ("PrestaShop"), as well as the offer and acquisition of products and services of the latter, which are available on the Website.

Author: ```suggestion
These general terms and conditions of use (the "T&Cs") are intended to define the conditions of access and use of the website [https://www.prestashop-project.org/](https://www.prestashop-project.org/) (the "Website"), published by PrestaShop, a limited liability company with a share capital of €380,645.55, registered in the Paris Trade and Companies Register under number 497 916 635 and whose registered office is located at 4, rue Jules Lefebvre - 75009 Paris ("PrestaShop").
```

The user of the Website (the "User") is informed that by browsing the Website he or she has (i) had the opportunity to access the T&Cs and the documents to which they refer and (ii) has agreed to abide by them.

If the User does not accept the T&Cs, he must not use the Website.
The present T&Cs can be modified by PrestaShop at any time, without notice, to take into account the evolution of the Website and the applicable regulations. The new version of the T&Cs will be made available on the Website.

The User is invited to consult them regularly.

The use of the Website is free.

**1. Purpose of the Website.**

The purpose of the Website is to provide documentation to the PrestaShop project contributors.

The PrestaShop project is a universal open-source software platform to build your e-commerce solution.
 
**2. Intellectual Property.**

> All Website elements and their design, selection, presentation and organization are protected by intellectual property rights owned by PrestaShop. 

Reviewer: To be updated, [our theme](https://github.com/prestashop/ps-org-theme/) is based on another one:

> © 2020 Designed by [Themefisher](https://themefisher.com/) & Developed by [Gethugothemes](https://gethugothemes.com/)
> 
> Code License: Released under the [MIT](https://github.com/themefisher/bigspring-hugo-startup-theme/blob/master/LICENSE) license.

Author: Resolving this also.

The trademarks, domain names, acronyms, logos, drawings and other elements that appear on the Website are the exclusive property of PrestaShop.

Users are further informed that using the PrestaShop trademark in a domain name is strictly prohibited.

Consequently, Users agree not to use this trademark in a domain name.

Using the PrestaShop trademark in a domain name may result in legal proceedings.

> Using the Website does not transfer any intellectual property rights, including those relating to its content, the PrestaShop trademark or the software.

Author: ```suggestion
Using the Website does not transfer any intellectual property rights, including those relating to its content (released under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International license), the PrestaShop trademark or the software.
```

However, PrestaShop may suspend, restrict or interrupt access to the Website or certain pages on it at any time in order to carry out updates, content modification and any other action deemed necessary for the Website to operate correctly.

As such, PrestaShop in no way guarantees the availability, access to or continuity of the Website.

Should it become unavailable for any reason, this will not give rise to any compensation for the User.

PrestaShop is only responsible for the content it has published itself.

PrestaShop shall not be held liable for any damage or loss suffered by the User in accessing and using the Website.

More generally, PrestaShop shall not be held liable for:

* The use made by the User of the Website,
* Any activity that constitutes a breach of these T&Cs by the User,
* Any damage caused to the User’s equipment by a virus contracted while browsing the Website or any other damage caused by the User’s browsing.

The User is solely liable for all property or consequential financial loss or damage resulting from the use of the Website.

**4. Hyperlinks.**

> The Website may contain hyperlinks to redirect User to third party websites, including to agency or partner websites, or social networks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Website may contain hyperlinks to redirect User to third-party websites.
```

PrestaShop accepts no liability for the websites to which these links lead as it has no control over the various third party websites.

> Websites linking to pages on our Website may not reproduce its pages in any way.

Author: ```suggestion
```

> Websites linking to pages on our Website may not reproduce its pages in any way.

Reviewer: This is not compatible with the site's license and must be updated

Reviewer: It's not consistent with the content of the page being released under Creative Commons. This is something that the legal people, not you or me, should be writing. Perhaps we should go back to a Google doc for the review process with them.

Author: Hello @eternoendless, as suggested by legal, I'm deleting this sentence.

> Websites linking to pages on our Website may not reproduce its pages in any way.

Author: ```suggestion
```

> Websites linking to pages on our Website may not reproduce its pages in any way.

Author: ```suggestion
Websites linking to pages on our Website may not reproduce its pages, unless compatible with the Website's license.
```

- This cookie has a lifetime of 30 minutes.

**How to manage the deposit and reading of cookies?** 

Some features of our websites, services, applications and tools are made available to you only through the use of these cookies or trackers.

However, refusing to use these technologies may result in the unavailability of certain features of our services.
 
For more information on blocking, deleting or disabling these technologies, please see your browser or device settings.

For third-party cookies, you can configure your browser settings to refuse all third-party cookies.

For Google Chrome, check [this link](https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hlrm=en).
For Mozilla Firefox, check [this link](https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/cookies-information-websites-store-on-your-computer).
For Microsoft Edge, check [this link](https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/4468242/microsoft-edge-browsing-data-and-privacy-microsoft-privacy).
For Opera, check [this link](https://help.opera.com/en/latest/security-and-privacy/#tracking).
For Internet Explorer, check [this link](https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-Internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies#).

> For Apple Safari, check [this link](https://support.apple.com/guide/safari/manage-cookies-and-website-data-sfri11471/mac.).

Reviewer: This site does not use cookies

Reviewer 2: there are some, coming from google

Author: Who could give us some information?

Author: Hi @eternoendless and @kpodemski, so legal just confirmed the fact that with GA, we would need to keep this part.
